https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-9188 Add policyLabels doc (#6168)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: governance/policy_generator.adoc

| Optional
| When the policy references a Kyverno policy manifest, this determines if an additional configuration policy is generated to receive policy violations in {product-title-short}, when the Kyverno policy is violated. The default value is `true`.

| `policyDefaults.policyLabels`
| Optional

> | Labels that the policy includes in its `metadata.labels`. The `policyLabels` paremeter is applied for all policies unless specified in the policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Labels that the policy includes in its `metadata.labels` section. The `policyLabels` parameter is applied for all policies unless specified in the policy.
```

| Optional
| A list of Kustomize patches to apply to the manifest at the path. If there are multiple manifests, the patch requires the `apiVersion`, `kind`, `metadata.name`, and `metadata.namespace` (if applicable) fields to be set so Kustomize can identify the manifest that the patch applies to. If there is a single manifest, the `metadata.name` and `metadata.namespace` fields can be patched.

| `policies.policyLabels`
| Optional

> | Labels that the policy includes in its `metadata.labels`. The `policyLabels` paremeter is applied for all policies unless specified in the policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Labels that the policy includes in its `metadata.labels` section. The `policyLabels` parameter is applied for all policies unless specified in the policy.
```
